1.
	Cat Felts

2.
	I think all of my server/client code is working...

3.
	-I tested my server running with multiple participants and no observers, multiple observers and no participants,
	 single participant and single observer, single participant and multiple observers, and finally a single observer and multiple participants.
	-I tested participants submitting invalid usernames using non alphanumeric chars, usernames that are already in use, and usernames that are too long.
	-I tested participants making invalid moves such as A1e, 222, AAA, and values that are already part of the row, col, or block.

4.
	I thought the most challenging aspect of the assignment was trying to figure out the correct way to build strings
	(like the message containing the board, validity of the last move, or the leaderboard) and then sending it over the connection
	and recv'ing it on the other end as the same message. A lot of times the message would be good on the server side, then
	once I sent it to the observer, the observer would recv garbage chars. Other times I would get a segfault, accidently trying
	to read from memory that I did not have access too. I am not as familiar with c as others might be, so figuring out how to
	allocate memory and only read from places I want to read from was difficult for me.

5.
	Making a team based game, so some users are on Team RED and other players are on Team GREEN and maybe some other players are on Team BLUE and so on.
	The server would take in command line arguments for how many teams there were, and when participants wanted to connect, the server would also
	assign them to a team. Any team member can make a move at any time, but each team only has 1 score instead of each player having an individual score.


Some things I could have done better:
-I didn't make the leaderboard message very efficiently. There are way smarter and cleaner ways of figuring out the top 5 players.
-I made all my char buffers big, without actually trying to figure out how big it should techincally be.
-I have a lotttt of variables and I'm not sure if I even use them all.
-Most of my server code is just one big giant main function. It's really messy and ugly and if I had more time I would try to clean it up
 a little more and make it more organized.
